(new design): Adds Jane, a 1790s shift pattern. (#6437)
freesewing/freesewing: markdown/org/docs/designs/jane/needs/en.md

---
title: "Jane Shift: What you need"
---

To determine how much fabric you need for Jane you take:

> - Twice the length of your shift + the length of your sleeves
> - If your sleeves and gussets can fit alongside the maximum width of your shift, then twice the length of the shift will be enough.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Twice the length of your body pattern piece + the length of your sleeve pattern piece.
- If your sleeves and gussets can fit alongside the maximum width of your body pattern piece, then twice the length of the body pattern piece will be enough.
```
It's not call shift on the design it may cause confusion
